# BIGPATENT-h-train-58 - A waveguide launcher apparatus for coupling a coaxial transmission line to a waveguide array antenna element.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-58`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Insulating Layers (Dielectric)
- Matched Query Keywords: dielectric
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A waveguide launcher apparatus for coupling a coaxial transmission line to a waveguide array antenna element. The waveguide launcher apparatus utilizes its short depth to achieve the desired match between the coaxial connector and free space. The launcher apparatus has an L shape which performs as a matching element and as an adaptor between the coax transmission line and wave guide sections.

## Description Excerpt
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates broadly to an electromagnetic wave transmission device and in particular to a waveguide launcher apparatus for coupling a coaxial transmission line to a waveguide array antenna element. In coupling a hollow waveguide to a coaxial transmission line, it is desirable to convert the waveform from one most suitable for transmission in a coaxial line to a form suitable for propagation in a waveguide. Therefore, the wave in the coaxial line requires that it be converted to a form compatable with the geometry of the waveguide. In the prior art, many techniques for accomplishing this purpose have been proposed and built, and usually have accomplished their basic purpose, but most of them have involved undesirable bulk or complicated devices which have resulted in inefficient transmission. The present invention provides a waveguide launcher apparatus which overcomes the difficulties encountered in the past systems and provides an extremely simple and compact system for coupling a coaxial transmission line to a waveguide array antenna element. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention utilizes an L-shaped coax waveguide launcher assembly for use in a rectangular waveguide. The waveguide launcher assembly utilizes its short depth to achieve a match between the coax connector and free space. This desired match is achieved by configuring the coax to waveguide launcher assembly as a matching element and as an adapter between the coax and waveguide sections. It is one object of the invention, therefore, to provide an improved coax to waveguide launcher apparatus providing a transition between a coaxial transmission line and a waveguide which permits the longitudinal axis of the coaxial line to be aligned with the propagation axis of the waveguide. It is another object of the invention to provide an improved coax to waveguide launcher apparatus utilizing simplified and compact construction. It is still another object of the invention to provide an improved coax to waveguide launcher apparatus having short depth to achieve a desired match between the coax connector and free space. These and other advantages, features and objects of the invention will become more apparent from the following description taken in connection with the illustrative embodiment in the accompanying drawings. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a plane view of the waveguide launcher apparatus in accordance with the present invention, FIG. 1a is a perspective view of the waveguide launcher element of FIG. 1, and FIG. 2 is a sectional view of the waveguide launcher element positioned in a rectangular waveguide. DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT Referring now to FIG. 1, there is shown the waveguide launcher element 10 comprising two rectangular members which are joined at one end respectively to have a substantially L-shape. For example purposes only, the waveguide launcher element 10 will be described with respect to typical dimensions which provide the functions herein stated. However, it must be clearly understood that there is no intention to limit the scope of the present invention to these particular dimensions. The waveguide launcher element 10 has a drilled tapped hole at the end of the short member to facilitate the mounting of the waveguide launcher element within a conventional waveguide assembly. This drilled hole is 0.38 inches deep and is tapped to accept a 6-32 stainless steel screw. The long member of the waveguide launcher element has a hole drilled into the end therein to mate with the center pin of a coaxial transmission line connector. This hole is 0.125 inches in diameter and is 0.38 inches deep. The long member of the waveguide element which is shown in FIG. 1 may have a length of 2.485 inches overall. The short member of the waveguide L assembly has a length of 0.675 inches overall. The waveguide element has a square shape and each side is 0.250 inches long. The long member o
