# BIGPATENT-h-train-79 - A method and apparatus are disclosed employing a microwave applicator for use with an electron cyclotron resonance (ECR) plasma source for applications including, but not limite...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-79`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Semiconductor Wafer, Insulating Layers (Dielectric)
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor, wafer, dielectric
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A method and apparatus are disclosed employing a microwave applicator for use with an electron cyclotron resonance (ECR) plasma source for applications including, but not limited to, etching and chemical vapor deposition. A magnetic field is generated by magnets circumferentially arranged about a chamber that is symmetrical about its longitudinal axis. The microwave applicator, which comprises one or more pairs of slotted antenna arrays, injects and distributes microwave power about the entire periphery of a plasma forming portion of the chamber. The antenna arrays include a plurality of radiating stubs for radiating microwave power. The stubs are positioned along the arrays at predetermined intervals for efficiently distributing microwave power uniformly about the periphery of the plasma forming portion. The position and orientation of the radiating stubs cause microwave power to be launched into the plasma in the form of propagating waves with a polarization suitable of electron cyclotron heating. The applicator is coupled to a microwave power source that preferably supplies microwave power at a frequency of 2.45 GHz. A magnetic-field free region produces uniformity of plasma distribution in a plasma stream that approaches an outlet in the chamber. The plasma stream flows through the plasma forming region toward the specimen with characteristics of high density, uniformity over transverse dimensions larger than the specimen, and low plasma temperature, while operating at gas pressures which can be varied over a wide range.

## Description Excerpt
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates generally to an electron cyclotron resonance heating plasma source for producing a plasma stream, such as a plasma source used in applications such as the treatment of specimens such as VLSI wafers, by applications including chemical vapor deposition, etching, and cleaning, and more particularly, to a method and apparatus employing a microwave applicator for use with an electron cyclotron resonance heated plasma source. 2. Description of Related Art The present invention is based upon generation of cold plasma by electron cyclotron resonance heating in order to develop various desired characteristics within the plasma. More specifically, the present invention and related prior art are based upon the physical conditions governing the steady-state values of plasma density and composition, as well as the electron and ion temperatures, as determined by the applied microwave power, the ambient gas pressure and composition, and details of the magnetic field configuration, and the means of coupling the microwave power to the plasma. These conditions can be interpreted in terms of the processes responsible for particle and power balance for each of the coupled species; namely, electrons, ions, and neutral gas atoms. Even in idealized point-model approximations of somewhat complete and realistic transport models of the plasma, the interrelated values of the basic plasma parameters characterizing such systems demonstrate several key dependencies. These dependencies identify some of the fundamental obstacles that make it difficult in practice, to achieve large volumes of quiescent, homogeneous, low-temperature plasma containing the desired concentrations of reacting species believed to be essential in various applications, for example, the treatment of specimens such as wafers used for very large scale integration (VLSI) circuits. The applications may include chemical vapor deposition, etching, and cleaning, and more specifically, plasma assisted processing of semiconductor devices with submicron feature sizes. Basic problems in forming suitable plasmas are noted in the following prior art references. The following discussion of the prior art and the following description of the embodiments of the present invention that is partially based upon a comparison with the prior art, are intended to demonstrate novelty in the method and apparatus of the present invention for overcoming disadvantages and obstacles, such as those generally referred to in the prior art. In the semiconductor processing applications noted above, plasma sources employing electron cyclotron resonance (ECR) heating comprise an emerging or developing technology, that may be applied for example, in the cleaning, etching, and deposition of materials on very large scale integration (VLSI) wafers. Such applications are typical of other processing technologies requiring the capability of achieving submicron feature dimensions on these wafers, substantial processing rates, and the capability of uniformly processing large specimens. Any such technology must operate in a reproducible manner and be implemented in a cost-effective method. The general characteristics of these technologies are believed to be well understood by those skilled in the art and are accordingly not discussed in substantive detail herein. Although the ECR plasma source of the present invention is contemplated for use in a wide variety of chemical vapor deposition or etching applications, the general parameters of applications are not a portion of the invention. Certain considerations in such applications are briefly summarized below in order to facilitate a better understanding of the present invention. ECR plasma sources such as those provided by the present invention and the prior art discussed below employ magnetic fields and microwave power to create chemically active plasmas over a range of gas pressures extending to ve
