# BIGPATENT-h-train-82 - An analog signal processing system is described for changing the frequency of analog signals in a real-time manner.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-82`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
An analog signal processing system is described for changing the frequency of analog signals in a real-time manner. The system includes at least two analog shift registers, (specifically, three analog shift registers), an input circuit connecting the input end of all the registers in parallel, an output circuit selectively connectable to the output ends of the registers, a high frequency clock pulse source, a lower frequency clock pulse source, and cyclically operable switching means effective to load from the input circuit at least one analog shift register at the rate corresponding to the frequency of one of the clock pulses, while unloading at least one other register into the output circuit at the rate corresponding to the frequency of the other clock pulses. Two applications are described, for purposes of example. One application is as a hearing aid device to reduce the frequency of audio signals in a real-time manner for a person having a limited-frequency audibility. The other application is a communication device for the real-time transmission and reception of audio signals rendering them unintelligible except by receivers equipped with a processing system for reducing the frequency of the received signals.

## Description Excerpt
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to analog signal processing systems, and particularly to systems for changing the frequency of analog signals in a real-time manner. For purposes of example, the invention is described below with respect to two types of systems, namely as an aid to hearing by a person having a limited-frequency audibility, and as a means for communicating audio signals in a manner non-intelligible except by a properly equipped receiver. It will be appreciated, however, that the invention could also be used in other applications, for example in the analysis of transient signals. With respect to the first of the above-mentioned applications, it is to be noted that the upper limit of human audibility is usually about 15-20 kHz, but many persons have a much more limited range and are not able to hear tones within this frequency range. The invention, as to be described more fully below, is particularly useful in this type of application for the real-time reduction of the frequency of audio signals to a range which a person, having such a hearing deficiency, is capable of hearing. With respect to the second of the above-mentioned applications of the invention, various secret communication systems have been proposed for scrambling information transmitted, e.g. by a radio transmitter, so as to render the information unintelligible except by a properly equipped receiver. Such scrambling systems are quite costly and therefore have limited application. The invention may be used for simplifying and reducing the cost of secret communication systems. BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION According to a broad aspect of the present invention, there is provided an analog processing system comprising at least two analog shift registers each capable of storing, under the control of loading clock pulses, an analog signal in the form of a plurality of analog samples, and of outputting them under the control of unloading clock pulses. The system further includes an input circuit connected to the input end of all the analog shift registers in parallel, and an output circuit selectively connectible to the output ends of the analog shift registers. The system further includes a source of high frequency clock pulses, a source of lower frequency clock pulses, and cyclically operable switching means effective, during one phase of each cycle, to connect at least one analog shift register to one source of clock pulses to load same at the rate corresponding to the frequency of that source, and to connect at least one other analog shift register to the other source of clock pulses and to the output circuit to unload the other register at the rate corresponding to the frequency of that source. The latter switching means are also effective, during another phase of each cycle, to change the connections with respect to the two sources of clock pulses, so that the analog shift register loaded in the first phase is now unloaded, and visa versa. For the analog shift registers, there may be used the recently developed charge-transfer devices which operate by the movement of a charge packet from one capacitor stage to an adjacent capacitor stage by the application of clock pulses. Thus, an analog signal may be inputted at a first rate by the application of clock pulses having one frequency, and may be outputted at a second rate by the application of clock pulses having a second frequency. In such devices, while the inputted signal is sampled in time, as in conventional digital processing, the amplitude of the signal is retained in analog form. As one example, there may be used the Phillips TDA 1022, having 512 stages and operable with clock frequencies in the range of 5 kHz to 500 kHz. In many applications, it may be desirable to increase the number of stages by providing each analog shift register with two or more of such units. As indicated earlier, the invention is particularly useful for changing the frequency of audio signals in
