# BIGPATENT-h-train-26 - The subject invention relates to electrode structures that are adaptable for primary and electrically rechargeable electrochemical wafer cells.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-26`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Semiconductor Wafer, Insulating Layers (Dielectric), Conductive Interconnects, Encapsulation
- Matched Query Keywords: wafer, interconnect
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
The subject invention relates to electrode structures that are adaptable for primary and electrically rechargeable electrochemical wafer cells. A flat wafer cell is disclosed that includes conductive, carbon-filled polymeric outer layers that serve as electrode contacts and as a means of containment of the cell. Multi-cell, higher voltage batteries may be constructed by stacking individual cells. Specially formulated electrodes and processing techniques that are compatible with the wafer cell construction are disclosed for a nickel-metal hydride battery system. The cell design and electrode formulations provide for individual operation of a vented or low pressure sealed cell and/or for operation of these cells in a stacked array in an outer battery housing.

## Description Excerpt
This invention was made with Government support under contract F33615-92-C-2258 awarded by the Department of the Air Force, Air Force Systems Command. The Government has certain rights in the invention. This application is a division of application Ser. No. 08/134,429, filed on Oct. 8, 1993, now U.S. Pat. No. 5,393,617. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to a packaging method, electrode formulations, and fabrication techniques for making electrochemical cells and multi-cell batteries. In particular, this invention relates to electrochemical cell constructions useful for rechargeable bipolar battery structures that have a high energy storage capacity and that are capable of many recharging cycles without substantial deterioration of the battery&#39;s performance. More specifically, this invention relates to flat nickel and metal hydride electrode structures and methods of making nickel and flat metal hydride electrode structures that are capable of being stacked in a multi-cell battery construction. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Multi-cell batteries that are constructed in a broad range of electrochemical systems are typically packaged in cylindrical or prismatic housings. Individual cells are connected in series by conductive links to make the multi-cell batteries. Such construction approaches provide for good sealing of the individual cell compartments and for reliable operation. However, such constructions allocate a large fraction of the multi-cell battery&#39;s weight and volume to the packaging and, thus, do not make full use of the potential energy storage capacity of the active components of the cell. For improving battery energy storage capacity on a weight and volume basis, packaging approaches are sought that reduce packaging weight and volume and that provide stable battery performance and low internal resistance. These objectives have led to the pursuit of a bipolar construction in which an electrically conductive bipolar layer serves as the electrical interconnection between adjacent cells as well as a partition between the cells. In order for the bipolar construction to be successfully utilized, the bipolar layer must be sufficiently conductive to transmit current from cell to cell, chemically stable in the cell&#39;s environment, capable of making and maintaining good electrical contact to the electrodes and capable of being electrically insulated and sealable around the boundaries of the cell so as to contain electrolyte in the cell. These requirements are more difficult to achieve in rechargeable batteries due to the charging potential that can accelerate corrosion of the bipolar layer and in alkaline batteries due to the creep nature of the electrolyte. Achieving the proper combination of these characteristics has proved very difficult. For maintenance-free operation it is desirable to operate rechargeable batteries in a sealed configuration. However, sealed bipolar designs typically utilize flat electrodes and stacked-cell constructions that are structurally poor for containment of the gases present or generated during cell operation. In a sealed cell construction, gases are generated during charging that need to be chemically recombined within the cell for stable operation. To minimize weight of the structures used to provide the gas pressure containment, the battery should operate at relatively low pressure. The pressure-containment requirement creates additional challenges on designing a stable bipolar configuration. Despite a number of patents and considerable effort at making a bipolar construction for the lead-acid and nickel-cadmium systems such batteries are not commercially available, (U.S. Pat. No. 4,098,967). Construction of a flat metal hydride battery is even more difficult because many of the metal hydride alloys used to make metal hydride batteries operate at elevated hydrogen pressures. The bipolar construction has been successfully employed in the flat plate construction of t
