# BIGPATENT-h-train-18 - A method and apparatus for the dicing of semiconductor wafers using pressure to mechanically separate the individual die from the wafer without the use of a wafer saw.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-18`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Semiconductor Wafer, Doped Regions (N-type/P-type)
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor, wafer
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A method and apparatus for the dicing of semiconductor wafers using pressure to mechanically separate the individual die from the wafer without the use of a wafer saw. The method includes forming trenches along the scribe lines on a semiconductor wafer and then applying a mechanical pressure to the semiconductor wafer. The mechanical pressure causes a “clean break” of the wafer along the scribe lines, thereby singulating individual die on the wafer. The apparatus comprises a pad for supporting a semiconductor wafer and a positioning member to position the semiconductor wafer on the pad. A pressure mechanism is provided to apply a mechanical pressure to the wafer so as to singulate the individual die on the wafer.

## Description Excerpt
FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates generally to the dicing of semiconductor devices, and more particularly, to an apparatus and method for the dicing of semiconductor wafers using pressure to mechanically separate the individual die from the wafer. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Semiconductor die are typically fabricated in wafer form. Using well known semiconductor fabrication techniques, a wafer undergoes a series of processing steps, such as deposition, masking, etching, implanting, doping, metallization, etc. to form complex integrated circuits on individual die on the wafer. Currently, several hundred to tens of thousands of die may be fabricated on a single wafer. Use of a dicing machine is the common manner in which the individual die are singulated from the wafer. During dicing, the wafer is placed onto a cutting platform. A saw is then used to cut the wafer along the scribe lines, sometimes referred to as “saw streets”, which run in the X and Y direction on the wafer and separate the individual dice. After all the saw streets have been cut, the individual die on the wafer are singulated. There are a number of problems associated with the use of a wafer saw for dicing a semiconductor wafer. The process is relatively slow since each scribe line on the wafer is cut one at a time. On wafers with thousands of die and dozens or hundreds of scribe lines, the amount of time required to singulate all the die on the wafer may be significant. Maintenance of the wafer saw is also a problem. The machine periodically needs to be serviced and repaired. The cutting blade also needs to be replaced periodically. During the maintenance and repair, the machine cannot be used, reducing the overall throughput and efficiency of the wafer singulation operation. Another issue with using wafer saws is that as the thickness of wafers become thinner and thinner, the wafers tend to chip along the cutting edge. This chipping is problematic because it may damage or destroy otherwise functional die on the wafer, thereby reducing yields. An apparatus and method for the dicing of semiconductor wafers using pressure to mechanically separate the individual die from the wafer without the use of a wafer saw is therefore needed. SUMMARY OF INVENTION To achieve the foregoing, and in accordance with the purpose of the present invention, a method and apparatus for the dicing of semiconductor wafers using pressure to mechanically separate the individual die from the wafer without the use of a wafer saw is disclosed. The method includes forming trenches along the scribe lines on a semiconductor wafer and then applying a mechanical pressure to the semiconductor wafer. The mechanical pressure causes a “clean break” of the wafer along the scribe lines, thereby singulating individual die on the wafer. The apparatus comprises a pad for supporting a semiconductor wafer and a positioning member to position the semiconductor wafer on the pad. A pressure mechanism is provided to apply a mechanical pressure to the wafer so as to singulate the individual die on the wafer. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The invention, together with further advantages thereof, may best be understood by reference to the following description taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings in which: FIG. 1 is a diagram of semiconductor wafer. FIGS. 2A through 2G are a series of cross sections of a semiconductor wafer undergoing the wafer singulation process according to the present invention. FIGS. 3A and 3B are a diagrams illustrating of a ring used to support the wafer during singulation according to the present invention. FIG. 4 is a flow diagram illustrating the method of the present invention. In the figures, like reference numbers refer to like components and elements. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION Referring to FIG. 1 , a diagram of semiconductor wafer is shown. The wafer 10 includes a plurality of die 12 fabricated thereon. Horizontal and vertical scribe l
