# BIGPATENT-h-train-19 - A novel protection structure for protecting field emission elements in a field emission display device from burnout damage due to electrical current surges induced to the device...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-19`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Semiconductor Wafer, Doped Regions (N-type/P-type), Insulating Layers (Dielectric), Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: wafer, doped, dielectric
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A novel protection structure for protecting field emission elements in a field emission display device from burnout damage due to electrical current surges induced to the device cathode by ionized gases in the device. The protection structure includes one or multiple reduction plates or electrodes which are typically provided on the cathode. The reduction plate or plates are negatively-charged and attract positively charged gas ions. Consequently, induction of electrical current surges to the cathode is avoided, thereby preventing burnout damage to the field emission elements.

## Description Excerpt
BACKGROUND [0001] 1. Field of the Invention [0002] The present invention generally relates to field emission display panels or devices, and more particularly, relates to a field emission display device having at least one reduction plate or electrode which deflects ionic emission gas away from the field emission components of the device to prevent damage to the field emission components. [0003] 2. Background of the Invention [0004] In recent years, flat panel display devices have been developed and used in electronic applications such as personal computers. One of the popularly-used flat panel display devices is an active matrix liquid crystal display which provides improved resolution. However, liquid crystal display devices have many inherent limitations that render them unsuitable for a number of applications. For instance, liquid crystal displays have numerous fabrication limitations including a slow deposition process for coating a glass panel with amorphous silicon, high manufacturing complexity and low yield. Moreover, the liquid crystal display devices require a fluorescent back light which draws high power while most of the light generated is wasted. A liquid crystal display image may be difficult to see under bright light conditions or at wide viewing angles which further limit its use in many applications. [0005] Other flat panel display devices have been developed in recent years to replace the liquid crystal display panels. One of such devices is a field emission display device that overcomes some of the limitations of LCD and provides significant advantages over the traditional LCD devices. For instance, the field emission display devices have higher contrast ratio, larger viewing angle, higher maximum brightness, lower power consumption and a wider operating temperature range when compared to conventional thin film transistor (TFT) liquid crystal display panels. [0006] A most drastic difference between an FED and an LCD is that, unlike the LCD, the FED utilizes colored phosphors to produce its own light. The FEDs do not require complicated, power-consuming back lights and filters and, as a result, almost all the light generated by an FED is visible to the user. Moreover, the FEDs do not require large arrays of thin film transistors, and thus, a major source of high cost and yield problems for active matrix LCDs is eliminated. [0007] In an FED, electrons are emitted from a cathode and impinge on phosphors coated on the back of a transparent cover plate to produce an image. Such a cathodoluminescent process is known as one of the most efficient methods for generating light. In contrast to a conventional CRT device, each pixel or emission unit in an FED has its own electron source, i.e., typically an array of emitting microtips. A voltage difference exists between a cathode and a gate electrode which extracts electrons from the cathode and accelerates them toward the phosphor coating. The emission current, and thus, the display brightness, is strongly dependent on the work function of the emitting material. To achieve the necessary efficiency of an FED, the cleanliness and uniformity of the emitter source material are very important. [0008] In order for electrons to travel in an FED, most FEDs are evacuated to a low pressure such as 10 −7 torr in order to provide a log mean free path for the emitted electrons and to prevent contamination and deterioration of the microtips. The resolution of the display can be improved by using a focus grid to collimate electrons drawn from the microtips. [0009] In the early development for field emission cathodes, a metal microtip emitter of molybdenum was utilized. In such a device, a silicon wafer is first oxidized to produce a thick silicon oxide layer and then a metallic gate layer is deposited on top of the oxide. The metallic gate layer is then patterned to form gate openings, while subsequent etching of the silicon oxide underneath the openings undercuts the gate and creates
