# BIGPATENT-h-train-31 - High temperature molten salt electrochemical cells that are economic are e using an alkali metal intercalated petroleum coke as the anode.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-31`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Insulating Layers (Dielectric)
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
High temperature molten salt electrochemical cells that are economic are e using an alkali metal intercalated petroleum coke as the anode.

## Description Excerpt
GOVERNMENT INTEREST The invention described herein may be manufactured, used, and licensed by or for the Government for governmental purposes without the payment to us of any royalties thereon. FIELD OF INVENTION The invention relates in general to high temperature molten salt electrochemical cells and in particular to such cells using an alkali metal intercalated petroleum coke as the anode. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION High temperature rechargeable molten salt batteries typically use lithium alloy negative electrodes such as LiAl. This alloy, however, degrades with cycling due to agglomeration of the aluminum in the alloy at the high operating temperatures of the molten salt cells (&gt;300° C.). In addition, the use of LiAl as the negative is costly in that special handling is required in order to avoid reactivity with moisture and oxygen. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The general object of this invention is to provide a high temperature molten salt cell that will be economic and in which the aforementioned difficulties are overcome. It has now been found that the aforementioned object can be attained by using an alkali metal petroleum coke as the anode of the molten salt cell. That is, high temperatures molten salt cells can be made that use an alkali metal petroleum coke as for example, a lithiated petroleum coke as the anode that provides significant cell cycling at cell voltages similar to those obtained using more costly lithium metal alloy anodes. &#34;Petroleum coke&#34; as the term is used herein refers to a petroleum based carbon black. DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT Petroleum coke is lithiated electrochemically in situ in a molten salt cell consisting of a LiAl (20 wt % Li) electrode, an electrolyte of LiCl-LiBr-LiF, a MgO separator, and petroleum coke as the other electrode. The cell is operated at 475° C. under a flowing argon atmosphere in which the petroleum coke is reversibly intercalated with lithium between 0 volts and 1.85 volts versus a LiAl electrode. The cell is prepared in an argon filled dry box having a moisture content of less than 0.5 ppm. The cell is prepared as follows; powdered LiAl is pressed in a 13 mm diameter steel die to 4,000 pounds pressure. A powdered electrolyte/separator mixture consisting of 65 wt % LiCl-LiBr-LiF and 35 wt % MgO is pressed on top of the LiAl pellet, in the same die, to a total pressure of 10,000 pounds. Powdered petroleum coke (Conoco XP-200) is pressed separately from the other pellets in a similar manner to 4,000 pounds and stacked on top of the electrolyte layer. The cell stack is assembled into a spring loaded cell jig, that is affixed with molybdenum current collectors. The spring loaded cell assembly is sealed in a Pyrex glass vessel, affixed with electrical feed throughs and thermocouples for providing current to the cell and for temperature monitoring, respectively. The cell is electrochemically operated at a constant current density of 1 mA/cm 2 at 475° C., under a flowing argon atmosphere. In a typical constant current cycle of the cell, the average cell potential for the cycle is 0.25 volt during lithium intercalation of the petroleum coke and 0.76 volt during deintercalation versus LiAl. The cycling efficiency is 100% between the cell voltage limits of 0 and 1.85 volts. Because of the high operating temperature and difficulties in using molten lithium metal, the degree of lithiation of the petroleum coke in the cell is limited to the potential of the LiAl counter electrode (0.3 volt versus lithium). In practice, the petroleum coke would be fully lithiated either electrochemically or chemically in order to optimize the capacity of the electrode. The theoretical lithium capacity for petroleum coke is one mole of lithium per six moles of carbon where the reaction can be represented as follows, Intercalation: x Li.sup.+ +6C+6e.sup.- →Li.sub.x C.sub.6, where (0&lt;x&lt;1) (I) and deintercalation as the reverse reaction of (I). The advantages to using lithiate
