# BIGPATENT-h-train-57 - A photovoltaic module including one or more photovoltaic cells connected in series and located inside a laminated stack of glass and polymer, together with an electronic protect...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-57`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Doped Regions (N-type/P-type), Insulating Layers (Dielectric), Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor, doped
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A photovoltaic module including one or more photovoltaic cells connected in series and located inside a laminated stack of glass and polymer, together with an electronic protection device, e.g. a bypass diode, which is arranged to bypass the electric current passing through at least one photovoltaic cell. The electronic protection device, which is a semiconductor circuit, is itself disposed inside the laminated stack. The semiconductor circuit is electrically connected to at least one flat metal ribbon disposed in the laminated stack for the purpose of dissipating the heat energy given off by the semiconductor circuit.

## Description Excerpt
FIELD OF THE INVENTION [0001] The invention relates to a photovoltaic module which serves in particular for transforming solar energy into electrical energy. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION [0002] Such photovoltaic modules are presently designed to deliver electrical power in the range 12 watts (W) to 230 W. They are used in numerous terrestrial applications for providing direct current (DC) or alternating current (AC). For example, they are used in sites that are isolated or that are connected to the power supply distribution network: [0003] in public utility power supply networks; [0004] by individuals: lighting, radio, television (TV), small household appliances; [0005] for public lighting: advertising panels, bus shelters; [0006] for rural electrification; [0007] for pumping; [0008] for telecommunications: infrastructure, relays in the global system for mobile telecommunications (GSM), isolated subscriber equipment; [0009] for signaling: roadside, at sea, radio, TV. [0010] In general, a photovoltaic module comprises N photovoltaic cells, e.g. thirty-six cells, collected in series and connected to one another by flat ribbons of tinned copper. More particularly, the photovoltaic cells are single-junction photovoltaic cells made on the basis of poly-crystalline silicon that is P-doped using boron when melting the silicon, and N-doped with phosphorus on their illuminated surface. Such cells are put into place in a laminated stack. The laminated stack may be constituted by ethyl vinyl acetate (EVA) coating the photovoltaic cells in order to protect the silicon from which the cells are made from oxidation and from moisture, said photovoltaic cells also being interleaved between a plate of quenched glass and a polymer sheet, e.g. made of Tedlar® which is a fluorinated polyvinyl manufactured by the supplier DuPont. That structure enables the photovoltaic module to withstand the most severe atmospheric and environmental conditions, such as those that are to be found in the tropics, at the Poles, or at sea. [0011] The current Im delivered by the photovoltaic module is equal to the current Ic produced by each of the photovoltaic cells in the module. The current Ic depends mainly on illumination, and on the physical characteristics of the cells such as their size and the quality of the silicon from which they are made. The voltage Vm delivered by the module is the sum of the voltages Vc delivered by each of the photovoltaic cells in the module when subjected to lighting, and it is given by the relationship: Vm = ∑ i = 1 ⁢ ⁢ to ⁢ ⁢ Vc i N [0012] When one of the photovoltaic cells of the module is shaded, i.e. when it is not receiving light either because of damage or because it has been covered by an opaque material, e.g. a leaf, then the cell no longer delivers any electrical energy. However, it can increase in resistance and receive electrical energy produced by the other cells with which it is connected in series. As a result the voltage Vo across the terminals of the shaded cell then becomes reversed and can reach a voltage that is equivalent to the sum of the voltages across all the other cells in the module, with this equivalent voltage being calculated by the following relationship: Vo = ∑ i = 1 ⁢ ⁢ to ⁢ ⁢ Vc i N [0013] The power Wo received by the shaded cell that can reach the maximum power produced by all the other cells in the module, such that the shaded cell heats up, which can lead to it being destroyed, and also to damage to the laminated stack and to the module. This power received by the shaded cell is expressed by the following relationship: Vo=Im*Vo [0014] To reduce the heating of shaded cells and the loss of energy caused thereby in a photovoltaic module, it is the practice to use bypass diodes that are connected in parallel with some number of photovoltaic cells connected in series, e.g. eighteen. A module can thus contain a plurality of bypass diodes connected in parallel with respective ones of several groups of cell
