# BIGPATENT-h-train-86 - The present invention comprises methods and systems for a dynamic audio processor for processing an audio signal prior to encoding.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-86`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
The present invention comprises methods and systems for a dynamic audio processor for processing an audio signal prior to encoding. The audio signal is pre-processed to provide analog-to-analog modification that creates a preferred analog format that is effectively and efficiently ready to be converted into a digital data stream by an encoder, such as an A-to-D converter or codec. One possible application includes, for example, a web streamer that provides digital data streams from a server. The inventive arrangements are preferably carried by functional stand-alone components, integral components of a PC or other computing platform, or carried as part of the encoder. Preferably, the pre-processing comprises receiving the audio signal, nominalizing the signal to provide a level input, and compressing and equalizing the signal for outputting thereof.

## Description Excerpt
CROSS-REFERENCES TO RELATED APPLICATIONS [0001] This application claims the benefit of Provisional Patent Application Serial No. 60/250,275, filed Nov. 30, 2000. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION [0002] 1. Field of the Invention [0003] This invention relates generally to signal processing, and more particularly, for example, but not by way of limitation, to a system and method for processing an audio signal prior to encoding said audio signal. [0004] 2. Description of Related Art [0005] Sound is enabled by variations in air pressure. These variations, called sound waves, can be converted into analog electrical signals, the voltage of which depends upon, among other things, the frequency or pitch of the sound wave as well as its pressure (i.e., its volume). Conversion of an analog sound wave into a digital electrical signal is commonly accomplished by an analog-to-digital (“A-to-D”) converter, which converts the analog voltage of the analog sound wave into a binary (digital) number that is generally in the form of one or more “on” or “off” electrical pulses. Thus, the A-to-D converter provides a digital data stream that is assembled into data packets by a packetizer for distribution, for example, over various intranets or internets, such as a local area network (“LAN”), wide area network (“WAN”), Internet, wireless network, or other. As such, the A-to-D converter is commonly referred to as an “encoder” or “coder.” [0006] Conversion of the digital electrical signal back into an analog sound wave is commonly accomplished by a digital-to-analog (“D-to-A”) converter, which converts the digital data stream into various voltage levels that are fed to an amplifier and ultimately speakers, thus reproducing audible sound waves. As such, the D-to-A converter is commonly referred to as a “decoder.” The coder and decoder are commonly carried on a sound card in a personal computer (“PC”) or other computer platform, such as a personal digital assistant (“PDA”), and a combination coder-decoder (“codec”) includes both an A-to-D converter and a D-to-A converter. [0007] Sophisticated recording technologies, such as compact discs (“CD”), attempt to create recordings of analog sound waves with perfect fidelity and perfect reproduction. Fidelity is a measure of similarity between the original sound wave and the reproduced signal. Reproduction is a measure of the way the recording sounds every time that it is played, regardless of how many times it is played. Provided the encoded data stream of numbers is not corrupted, the analog wave reproduced by the D-to-A converter will be the same every time. The analog wave reproduced by the D-to-A converter will also be very similar to the original analog wave if the A-to-D converter sampled the original analog wave at a high rate and recorded accurate voltage levels corresponding to the original analog wave. Thus, A-to-D converters are often characterized by two variables. The first variable is the sampling rate, measuring the number of samples taken per unit of time, frequently measured per second. The second variable is sampling precision, measuring the number of gradations or distinct voltage levels that are recognized during sampling. For example, at a sampling rate of 1,000 samples per second and a sampling precision of 10, the A-to-D converter samples the voltage of the analog wave every {fraction (1/1000)}th of a second and selects a number between 0 and 9 that is closest in proximity to the measured voltage that is representative of the analog wave. The series of numbers 0-9, first converted into a binary representation thereof, comprise the aforementioned digital representation of the original wave, which will be decoded by the D-to-A converter upon analog playback. [0008] If the sampling rate and sampling precision are low, the reproduced analog signal will lose much of the data contained in the original analog sound wave, resulting in poor fidelity. This is commonly called “sampling error.” Sampling er
