# BIGPATENT-h-train-38 - A collaborative computer telephony system, comprising a communication network; a plurality of integrated computer telephony devices connected to the network and identified by un...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-38`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: interconnect
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A collaborative computer telephony system, comprising a communication network; a plurality of integrated computer telephony devices connected to the network and identified by unique IP addresses, at least two of the integrated computer telephony devices supporting collaboration application programs; an indicator on at least one of the integrated computer telephony devices; and a collaborate control program associated with each of the integrated computer telephony devices for detecting commonly supported ones of the collaboration application programs and in response activating the indicator.

## Description Excerpt
FIELD OF THE INVENTION This invention relates in general to network implemented shared workspace environments, and more specifically to an apparatus and method for spontaneously setting up, between physically distant individuals, a collaborative work-sharing environment. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Well known examples of collaborative work-share environments include video conferencing; document sharing (read only or write access); and shared “whiteboard” systems. The majority of videoconference meetings are currently implemented using expensive, dedicated equipment such as manufactured by PictureTel™. Typically, such equipment provides not only video conferencing, but also other virtual co-location tools. Because of its cost and size, this equipment is typically located in a dedicated “videoconference room”, rather than at individual users&#39; desktops. Such systems are used, primarily, as a means of reducing operating costs, such as air travel for the purpose of conducting face-to-face meetings. Recently, much more economical, PC-based products have been introduced to the market. Examples of current products that can be used to create a shared working environment include Intel Corporation&#39;s ProShare™ and Microsoft Corporation&#39;s NetMeeting™. These PC-based products are relatively low cost (in some cases free of charge) and are sufficiently small as to enable mass deployment on every networked PC of an enterprise LAN. Unlike dedicated conference room equipment, PC-based products can be viewed as workplace enhancements, providing added value to personal communications, rather than as tools for corporate cost reduction. In spite of the cost and space advantages of PC-based systems over prior art dedicated conferencing facilities, the PC-based products are difficult to use, especially for the majority of users who have no technical background or training. Setting up a collaborative session using existing PC-based technology typically involves cumbersome setup processes, including establishing IP-addresses, launching software etc., and are often scheduled for a date and time subsequent to the telephone discussion in which the parties agree to conduct the video conference. Furthermore, during the actual setup process, no intrinsic voice communications path exists between the parties involved. Voice communication can not take place until the setup process is complete. Using current technology, it is not uncommon for the parties to make a regular phone call in order to talk through the setup process. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION According to the present invention, a system is provided for initiating a collaborative work-share environment between two or more parties to a telephone call, without complex and time consuming setup processes as are common in the prior art. In accordance with the preferred embodiment, each party to a telephone call is provided with a collaboration button and an indicator on their telephone set. When the indicator is illuminated, the system is capable of establishing a work-share environment. In response to one of the parties activating the collaboration button, the system causes network enabled applications to run on the individual users&#39; desktop computers so that the parties are able to share information between themselves, conduct a video conference, etc., while maintaining their initial voice connection. Thus, the telephone is used in the usual way to make regular, voice-only, telephone calls. Once a call is established, the telephones communicate with each other to determine if they each are associated with equipment which would allow richer collaboration between their respective users. If such equipment is available then the indicator on at least one of the telephones is lit, indicating that richer collaboration is possible. If the talking parties decide that they would like to share a document or set up a video conference, this may be initiated by either party pushing the collaboration button.
