# BIGPATENT-h-train-43 - A simple down converting A/D converter utilizing predictive coding principles.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-43`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A simple down converting A/D converter utilizing predictive coding principles. By placing the sampler inside the predictive loop, the predictive loop filter can be implemented using DSP techniques, thus eliminating the complexities introduced by use of discrete-time analog circuitry. Then, by re-mapping the output of the predictive loop filter into the analog domain using a D/A converter, the predictive filter output signal is subtracted from the input analog signal to generate the prediction error signal. Therefore, through directly sampling the prediction error signal and converting the output of the predictive loop filter into analog representation using a low-cost multiple bit D/A, the use of discrete-time analog circuitry is eliminated and the complexity of the converter design is greatly reduced. Various features of the invention are disclosed.

## Description Excerpt
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to the field of designing radio receivers using digital signal processing techniques. 2. Prior Art The following references are relevant to the present invention: [1] F. de Jager, &#34;Delta modulation--a method of PCM transmission using the one unit code,&#34; Philips Res. Repts., vol. 7, pp. 442-466; 1952. [2] H. S. McDonald, &#34;Pulse code modulation and differential pulse code modulation encoders,&#34; 1970 U.S. Pat. No. 3,526,855 (filed 1968). [3] R. Steele, Delta Modulation Systems, New York; Wiley, 1975. [4] H. Inose, Y. Yasude, and J. Murakami, &#34;A telemetering system code modulation--Δ--Σ modulation, &#34; IRE Trans. Space Elect. Telemetry, vol. SET-8, pp. 204-209, September 1962. [5] S. K. Tewksbury, and R. W. Hallock, &#34;Oversampled, Linear Predictive and Noise-Shaping coders of order N&gt;1, &#34; IEEE Trans. Circuits Sys., vol. CAS-25, pp. 436-447, July 1978. [6] D. B Ribner, &#34;Multistage bandpass delta sigma modulators,&#34; IEEE Trans. Circuits Sys., vol. 41, no. 6, pp. 402-405, June 1994. [7] A. M. Thurston, &#34;Sigma delta IF A-D converters for digital radios,&#34; GEC Journal of Research Incorporating Marconi Review and Plessey Research Review, vol. 12, no. 2, pp. 76-85, 1995. [8] N. van Bavel et al., &#34;An analog/digital interface for cellular telephony,&#34; IEEE Custom Integrated Circuits Conference, pp. 16.5.1-16.5.4, 1994. There are many advantages in using digital signal processing (DSP) techniques in the implementation of radio frequency (RF) receivers. Harnessing these advantages, however, relies to a great degree on the ability to effectively convert the signal from the analog to the digital domain. In conventional RF receiver implementations, the received signal is down converted to in-phase (I) and quadrature (Q) baseband components via one or more conversions to an intermediate frequency (IF), using analog circuitry, and then converted to the digital domain using a pair of pulse coded modulator (PCM) type analog to digital A/D converters operating at baseband. A number of sources of degradation exist in using this design approach that limit the achievable performance. Any phase error in the local oscillators used to mix the signal to I and Q baseband components will impair the receiver&#39;s ability to discriminate between signal components above and below the IF center frequency. For example, achieving 40 dB of (I-Q) discrimination requires these local oscillators to be orthogonal to within 0.5°, including all drift from aging, temperature and manufacturing tolerances. This phase accuracy must then be maintained throughout the pair of analog paths up to and including the A/D conversion function. Similarly, the amplitude response of the two analog paths, including any gain mismatch between the two A/D converters, must be well matched to preserve the (I-Q) discrimination of the receiver. Again, to obtain discrimination of 40 dB, it is necessary to match the amplitude response of the two paths to better than 0.1 dB. Such tolerances are possible and may be exceeded by using a calibration routine; however, obtaining this tolerance in a pair of digital paths is routine and therefore provides motivation of digitizing an IF signal directly and thereby avoiding these balancing issues altogether. Design approaches for direct A/D conversion of the received IF signal using conventional PCM type multiple bit A/D converters eliminate the need for the IF/Baseband analog circuitry. Although the location of a substantial number of high-speed digital switches alongside sensitive RF circuitry invites interference, the potential benefits are often considered to outweigh the new design difficulties. Another problem introduced by the digital processing of IF signals is the need to perform high-speed A/D conversion, a problem compounded by the need for higher linearity in early stages of the receiver. Conventional multiple b
