# BIGPATENT-h-train-1 - An apparatus for interfacing a speaker phone with a telephone network includes switch means for selectively connecting said interfacing apparatus with a telephone network to per...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-1`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects, Encapsulation
- Matched Query Keywords: interconnect
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
An apparatus for interfacing a speaker phone with a telephone network includes switch means for selectively connecting said interfacing apparatus with a telephone network to permit either conventional or automatic answering. A coupler, responsive to ringing signals on the telephone lines discharges a charging capacitor to a level sufficient to cause the automatic, hands-free interconnection of the speaker phone with the telephone line. In one embodiment, a timer is provided for limiting the length of time during which the speaker phone is coupled to the telephone line. A reset switch is provided in cooperation with the timer to permit the timing cycle to be reset upon command, thereby to shorten the time of connection if desired. The system operates in either a timed or extended mode. To bypass the timer and indefinitely extend the time during which the answered call is coupled between the telephone lines and the speaker phone, an extend switch is also provided to override the timer. In an alternative embodiment, the ringing voltage on the telephone line is optically coupled to an electromechanical circuit controlled by a photocell.

## Description Excerpt
CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION This application contains subject matter related to subject matter disclosed in U.S. Patent application Ser. No. 388,133, filed on this date and assigned to the assignee of the instant invention. Claims directed to the embodiment of FIG. 3 are contained in one application in the names of one inventive entity, while claims directed specifically to the embodiment of FIG. 4 in the names of another inventive entity are contained in the other related application. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION This invention relates to an apparatus for interfacing a speaker phone with a telephone network to permit hands-free automatic answering and communication. More particularly, this invention relates to such an apparatus for providing an automatic answering capability for the hands-free feature to interconnect, upon actuation of a selector switch, an incoming telephone call to a speaker phone. The invention also relates to such an apparatus which includes a timer for controlling the length of time of such interconnection and a bypass switch for bypassing the timer. It is known in the art to provide a hands-free answer capability which enables a telephone subscriber to answer an incoming call without physical manipulation of the telephone handset. Examples of such systems are shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4,172,967 which discloses a telephone system which includes an automatic answering provision with a hands-free feature, wherein the incoming call activates a speaker phone, or combination loudspeaker and microphone, and wherein termination of the call is under control of a timer. Another such system is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4,063,047 which discloses such a telephone system with a multilink hands-free answer circuit while U.S. Pat. No. 3,743,791 discloses a voice actuated answering system. In the main, systems of the prior art have been directed to the telephone communication side of the system and it is feature of this invention to provide a device which can be used on or in connection with a private telephone line or switchboard extension with a telephone speaker phone. Such total hands-free answering and conversational capability is particularly advantageous for the physically handicapped or for an outpatient during a period of convalescence to respond to an inquiry from trained hospital personnel using a system such as that described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,237,344. Furthermore, hands-free conversation is advantageous for persons whose activities make handling a telephone difficult or dangerous. Such individuals include those having wet or soiled hands, such as an employee of a laundry, cooks, hairdressers, automobile mechanics or those people whose tasks require the use of both hands as a part of the work task or who have limited movement in a particular area, such as a secretary, laboratory technician or the like. Thus, it is an overall objective of this invention to provide a simplified, portable, readily connectable, automatic answering service for automatically interconnecting incoming telephone calls with a speaker phone to permit two-way communication by the recipient with the use of a minimum amount of circuitry and with a simple connection. Moreover, it is an aspect of the invention to provide such a feature as a modular package capable of being moved to various telephone jack locations throughout a particular installation, thus minimizing the capital expenditure of the user while maximizing the versatility of the unit. Still further, it is desired to provide such a system with a minimum of component parts in a way which is safe, reliable, and low in cost while high in convenience. These and other objectives of this invention will become apparent from a review of the written description of the invention which follows, taken in conjunction with the accompanying claims and drawings. BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Directed to achieving the aforestated objects of the invention and overcoming the problems of the 
