# BIGPATENT-h-train-72 - A system and method by which a mobile wireless device dynamically decides the other end host to initiate a session to automatically conduct a performance test.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-72`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A system and method by which a mobile wireless device dynamically decides the other end host to initiate a session to automatically conduct a performance test. Results of the performance test are then transferred to a monitoring server under appropriate conditions. A method for conducting a performance test on a wireless device comprises receiving information indicating how and when a performance test is to be conducted by the wireless device, determining whether the conditions for the performance test to be started are met, conducting the specified performance test, and storing results of the performance test.

## Description Excerpt
CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS This application claims the benefit of Provisional Application No. 60/661,506, filed Mar. 15, 2005. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates to a system and method for monitoring the performance of applications on wireless networks, and more particularly, to initiating performance test, monitoring performance and collecting performance data for applications running on mobile wireless devices so as to determine the user experience. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Existing performance tools for wired and wireless networks measure performance between two end points for a given duration or session. The end-hosts are designated specifically for the purpose of measurement. For example, to measure throughput, a file of given size is transferred and the amount of time taken to complete the transfer is measured to derive the throughput. Other metrics of interest include delay, packet loss, coverage, jitter etc. Further, due to the nature of wireless connectivity, the device may be out of coverage during the performance session resulting in loss of performance data. This may lead to repeating the experiment resulting in waste of precious wireless resources such as mobile device battery and wireless bandwidth. Typically, performance tests are conducted between two end hosts which are selected a priori. This is not adequate in mobile networks as performance of the network needs to be determined at various locations and connectivity and coverage varies with location. Devices have to be placed at explicit locations to collect performance data. This is an expensive proposition and does not scale. Thus, the performance end-points need to be dynamically determined based on location and specific network conditions by using existing user devices already connected to the network. Another important consideration in mobile networks is when and how to send the results of performance data. Since, mobile device has to initiate, measure and collect performance data, the data has to be collected and stored and then transferred to a server when the network conditions are conducive for such a transfer. Since storage is a premium on mobile devices, a mechanism is needed to store the performance data in a small, fixed amount of storage and then communicate when the network conditions are right. In many cases, only the most recent performance data can be sent. Thus, there is a need to conduct performance tests that dynamically determines the end hosts and more efficiently stores the performance data and sends the results of performance data on-demand, or at periodic intervals or based on a threshold condition using different transport protocols. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION A system and method by which a mobile wireless device dynamically decides the other end host to initiate a session to automatically conduct a performance test. Results of the performance test are then transferred to a monitoring server under appropriate conditions. One aspect of the invention is a method by which the service manager informs the mobile device about the tests to be conducted, the conditions under which the test should be started (time, location, network condition) and when the results should be transmitted. Based on the size of the results generated by conducting performance tests, appropriate means of transport from a set is chosen. Another aspect of the invention is the methodology of conducting the actual test from the device to a specific end host. Once the request is received, the method involves monitoring the device conditions and network conditions to determine the appropriate moment to start the test. Certain tests have to be performed when the device is in certain state. For example, battery level or available memory on the device may be the condition to start the test. In other cases, it can be network conditions such as type of coverage or if the device is roaming. Further, the conditions under which the test is conduc
