# BIGPATENT-h-train-45 - A method for reducing load in a cellular communication network, within at least one cell that covers an area which overlaps an area that is at least partially covered by one or...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-45`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A method for reducing load in a cellular communication network, within at least one cell that covers an area which overlaps an area that is at least partially covered by one or more Wi-Fi networks, comprises the steps of: (a) monitoring traffic load within the at least one cell; (b) providing information to a plurality of mobile stations operative in a cellular mode which are currently communicating via their respective at least one cell, to enable one or more of the plurality of mobile stations to switch to their Wi-Fi operating mode, wherein the plurality of mobile stations are capable of operating both in a cellular operating mode and in a Wi-Fi operating mode, and wherein said information indicates to the receiving mobile stations to perform a switch to its Wi-Fi operating mode; (c) for at least some of said plurality of mobile stations, switching their operation mode to Wi-Fi mode.

## Description Excerpt
CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS [0001] This application is based on and claims the benefit of priority under 35 U.S.C. §119 from Israeli Patent Application No. 224332 filed in the Israel Patent Office on Jan. 20, 2013, entitled “A SYSTEM AND A METHOD FOR MANAGING WIRELESS NETWORKS,” the contents of which are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety. TECHNICAL FIELD [0002] The invention relates to a system and a method for managing wireless networks, and in particularly to a system and a method for integrating operations of cellular and Wi-Fi communication systems. BACKGROUND [0003] In recent years, several trends have been influencing the evolution of next generation mobile broadband cellular networks. [0004] Among the major influential factors one may find the following: (i) The fast adaptation and rollout of mobile broadband cellular networks (3G and LTE) by MNOs; (ii) The widespread of Wi-Fi hot spots providing local high speed data broadband connectivity, and the incorporation of Wi-Fi capabilities in most of the currently used portable mobile broadband devices; (iii) “Data explosion” which has been ramping up ever since the introduction of the iPhone in 2007 driving the need for new methods that would allow more cost effective delivery of mobile broadband services; (iv) The scarcity of licensed spectrum to enable provisioning of 3G/LTE data services that meet the growing demand for mobile broadband data services; (v) The fact that most of data traffic is being generated indoors and the cellular industry trend of introducing low power, localized coverage, small cells, as an effective means for cellular network densification (aka “heterogeneous networks”); (vi) Mobile devices evolution which enables the introduction of multi technology devices at lower cost for the end users thereby enabling simultaneous connectivity of the user equipment (UE) to both Wi-Fi and cellular networks. [0011] In view of these trends, 3GPP has identified the potential in having a tighter integration between native cellular service in licensed spectrum and Wi-Fi service over unlicensed spectrum, and such framework has been introduced in 3GPP R10 within the scope of ANDSF (Access Network Discovery and Selection Function) in the EPC. [0012] The new EPC architecture introducing ANDSF is described in 3GPP Specification TS 23.401 entitled “General Packet Radio Service (GPRS) enhancements for Evolved Universal Terrestrial Radio Access Network (E-UTRAN) access” and in 3GPP Specification TS 23.402 entitled “Architecture enhancements for non-3GPP accesses”. [0013] FIG. 1 describes the reference architecture used by the 3GPP forum with ANDSF for trusted Wi-Fi and cellular integration. However, there are still a number of challenges that have to be overcome in order to achieve an effective and reliable Wi-Fi/Cellular integrated solution. Some of these challenges are: a) To monitor and compare Wi-Fi vs. cellular performance at the levels of the device/cell. From the Mobile Network Operator (“MNO”) standpoint, it is desired that the user will get the best possible quality of experience (“QoE”) in accordance with the service consumed and the user priority level, under the constraints of load management. b) To enable scalable real time localized control of device steering between cellular/Wi-Fi networks, when devices are in active mode as well as in idle mode. In order to effectively manage Wi-Fi offloading, the network is required to control millions of users, individually, according to each user varying conditions, and according to network varying local conditions. Achieving that goal in a scalable manner and without inducing a further load is yet another challenge that needs to be overcome. c) To measure QoE in Wi-Fi network. The challenge lies primarily in the fact that there is no native reverse control channel in Wi-Fi network to be used for reporting back the QoE experienced by the user. d) To carry out an effective divert (offload) traff
