# BIGPATENT-h-train-17 - A method of and apparatus for handover between a 3GPP based network and a non-3GPP network is disclosed where a policy update to a new gateway is requested.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-17`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A method of and apparatus for handover between a 3GPP based network and a non-3GPP network is disclosed where a policy update to a new gateway is requested. A confirmation of the policy update is sent from the policy and charging rules function (PCRF) to the 3GPP packet data network gateway (PDN GW). The new gateway also confirms the policy update to the currently serving gateway. The tunnel endpoints and radio resources are released between the PDN GW and the evolved Packet Data Gateway (ePDG), thereby freeing the resources previously used by the wireless transmit/receive unit (WTRU). A release acknowledgement is sent from the serving gateway to the PCRF confirming the policy update process is complete. The method may be used for handover between 3GPP and non-3GPP networks and vice versa. The method and apparatus may be practiced over the S 2 b or S 2 c interfaces.

## Description Excerpt
CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS [0001] This application claims the benefit of U.S. Provisional Application No. 60/945,610 filed on Jun. 22, 2007 and U.S. Provisional Application No. 60/946,162 filed on Jun. 26, 2007, which are incorporated by reference as if fully set forth. FIELD OF INVENTION [0002] The application relates to wireless communications. More particularly, the application relates to resource management when moving between different wireless communication architectures. BACKGROUND [0003] In mobile communication systems, the nature of mobile devices creates situations where as a wireless transmit/receive unit (WTRU) moves through an area, the WTRU may encounter multiple gateways through which it could connect. These multiple gateways may use different communication architectures to connect devices and to Internet protocol (IP) access. [0004] Some gateways may be under the control of a service to which the WTRU user subscribes. Other gateways may belong to systems that are not aware of the user but may still allow the user&#39;s WTRU to establish a connection. [0005] As the user moves throughout the coverage areas of these gateways, it may be better for the WTRU to switch from a current communication architecture to another architecture, such as a trusted network, or a network that may be able to take advantage of more sophisticated capabilities of the WTRU. When this occurs, a handover takes place to move the access from the original network architecture to the newly detected architecture. Likewise, when a trusted network architecture&#39;s signal becomes weak, the WTRU may decide to handover to a different network architecture. [0006] In prior handoff methodologies, the WTRU could establish connectivity with the new network architecture and abruptly sever its connection with the original network. It would be beneficial if the original network connection could be terminated in an orderly fashion when handover between network architectures occurs. [0007] The network architecture showing the relationship between a third generation partnership project (3GPP) architecture and a non-3GPP architecture is depicted in FIG. 1 . A network architecture 100 includes a 3GPP and non-3GPP system architecture, divided by a dashed line 101 . Above the line 101 is 3GPP compliant architecture and below the dashed line 101 connections is a non-3GPP architecture. WTRU 103 may gain access to the 3GPP architecture through connection S 2 a 105 , S 2 b 107 , or S 2 c 109 , depending on the architecture to which the WTRU 103 is connected and the relation of that architecture to the 3GPP network. If the non-3GPP architecture is a trusted non-3GPP IP connection 111 , the connection to the packet data network gateway 113 is made directly through S 2 a 105 . S 2 a 105 provides the user plane with related control and mobility support between trusted non 3GPP IP access and the packet data network (PDN) Gateway (GW) 113 . [0008] When the non-3GPP architecture is untrusted 115 , the connection is made through an evolved Packet Data Gateway (ePDG) 117 . The connection between the ePDG 117 and the PDN GW 113 is made through an S 2 b 109 connection. S 2 b 109 provides the user plane with related control and mobility support between evolved packet data gateway (ePDG 117 ) and the PDN GW 113 . [0009] Connection between the WTRU 103 and the PDN GW 113 , while the WTRU 103 is connected to either a trusted or untrusted non-3GPP or 3GPP, may be provided through S 2 c 107 . S 2 c 107 provides the user plane with related control and mobility support between a wireless transmit/receive unit (WTRU) 103 and the PDN GW 113 . This reference point is implemented over trusted and/or untrusted non-3GPP access and/or 3GPP access. [0010] An S 5 connection 119 exists between the PDN GW 113 and a serving gateway 121 in the 3GPP system. S 5 119 provides user plane tunneling and tunnel management between Serving GW and PDN GW. It is used for Serving GW relocation d
