# BIGPATENT-h-train-63 - A method is presented for connectivity checking and detection of connectivity failure, based on a modified Ethernet ARP address resolution mechanism to detect broken connectivit...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-63`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor, interconnect
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A method is presented for connectivity checking and detection of connectivity failure, based on a modified Ethernet ARP address resolution mechanism to detect broken connectivity on physical, data-link and network layer between a first and a second node. The detection mechanism uses Periodical Gratuitous ARP messages (PGARP). PGARP messages are sent by a first node, the sender host or Issuer. On the other side of a data path is a second node, receiver host or Listener configured to detect lost connectivity by means of missing PGARP messages. The process on the Listener then informs subscribing services, host local, or remote, about the state of the connectivity.

## Description Excerpt
TECHNICAL FIELD [0001] The present invention relates to methods and arrangements for checking connectivity and detecting connectivity failure of data transmission paths in a network, e.g. Ethernet broadcast network. BACKGROUND [0002] In certain network systems with high availability, it is also a requirement that the system shall be able to come over network failures. Failover mechanism is usually triggered by a connectivity detection mechanism which may be run either on data-link or on network layer. However, there can be a vast range of application scenarios where such mechanisms are demanded. [0003] Existing solutions which can be used for detecting connectivity loss are, for example, IPv6 (Internet Protocol version 6) Neighbour Discovery, Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) Ping, Bidirectional Forwarding Detection and Ethernet OAM Connectivity Fault Management. [0004] Some problems with the above existing solutions will hereafter be described. [0005] The main disadvantage of the IPv6 Neighbour Discovery method is that, although it is getting more and more portion of the IP implementations, it is still not widely used. Moreover, it is a network layer mechanism, layer 3 (L3), in the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model scheme and it is possible that in some scenarios a suitable layer 2 (L2), data-link layer, solution is preferred. The method is described in reference [1], see reference list in the end of the Detailed Description section of this disclosure. [0006] Internet Control Message Protocol, ICMP, Ping based detection is very simple and can be used with IPv4 (Internet Protocol version 4) protocol. The method uses a unique request/reply mechanism between connection endpoints. This has a drawback when multiple network elements are testing connectivity towards the same network element, putting a potentially huge processing load on that network element. If Quality of Service is used in the network, an ICMP packet often has the lowest priority traffic class and it is therefore dropped first if the network should be congested. Such an event usually only further escalates the problem the network is having. It is a network layer mechanism, Layer 3 in the OSI model. [0007] Bidirectional Forwarding Detection, BFD, is a L3 detection mechanism that is mostly used in the routing world. Each supervised link requires a BFD supervision session on the top, which would need a tremendous amount of parallel sessions in case of certain scenarios where hosts are deployed very densely. Some systems have hardware and software limitation on the maximum number of possible BFD sessions at a time. Also, configuration wise it makes the system very difficult. Basically BFD has the same drawback as ICMP Ping. BFD was not designed to use for hosts checking connectivity. The method is described in reference [ 2 ], see reference list in the end of the Detailed Description section of this disclosure. [0008] Ethernet OAM (Operations, Administration and Maintenance) Connectivity Fault Management, CFM, is a fault monitoring mechanism which uses the continuity check protocol. It is a L2, data-link layer, detection mechanism. This is a neighbor discovery and health check protocol which discovers and maintains adjacencies at a Virtual Local Area Network level or link level. The major disadvantage of this solution is that it can only detect faults on L1 and L2 but not higher layers (L3-L7) of the Open Systems Interconnection model scheme. The method is described in reference [ 3 ], see reference list. [0009] However, the known connectivity detection mechanisms are dependent of the type of the network layer (L3) being used. Thus, there is a need for a sufficient and scalable data-link (L2) connectivity detection mechanism independent of the type of the network layer (L3) being used. SUMMARY [0010] One object of this disclosure is to provide a sufficient and scalable data-link connectivity detection mechanism independent of the type of the network layer
