# BIGPATENT-h-train-91 - A multi-rated delay multiplexing direct spread spectrum communication system the multiplicity of which can be changed.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-91`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A multi-rated delay multiplexing direct spread spectrum communication system the multiplicity of which can be changed. The system performs control operation as quickly as possible by suppressing the output fluctuation within a narrow range so as to perform constant power transmission. A gain-variable amplifier is provided at the succeeding stage of a modulator and the gain of the amplifier is controlled by a control signal generated based on the detection signal of the output of a power amplifying section. A detecting and control section detects the RF output of a delay multiplexing spread signal by a diode, finds the average power by an integrator, and equalizes the output of the amplifier to a comparation voltage by a control signal which is generated on comparing the average power with the comparation voltage. However, when the output of the amplifier is equalized to the comparation voltage, the time constant of the integration performed by the section is kept small for a fixed period of time by using a control signal representing a simplex/multiplex part. Consequently, a multiplexing switching section can quickly control the power.

## Description Excerpt
CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS This application is the national phase under 35 U.S.C. §371 of PCT International Application No. PCT/JP98/04704 which has an International filing date of Oct. 16, 1998, which designated the United States of America, and is based on Patent Application No(s). JP 9-302182 filed in Japan on Nov. 4, 1997, the entire contents of which are hereby incorporated by reference. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to a spectrum spread communication and in particular to a (multi-rated) multiplexing direct spread spectrum communication having a variable multiplicity in which the transmission power is made constant. 2. Description of the Relates Art Recently spread spectrum communication systems have attracted attention as new communication systems. The modulation schemes used for general data transmission are narrow band modulation scheme. Although they can be implemented by a relatively small circuit, they have a disadvantage that they are susceptible to multipath phasing and colored noise in a narrow band indoors (offices, factories). In contrast to this, the spread spectrum communication systems are advantageous in that the above-mentioned disadvantage is overcome since the spectrum of data is spread with a spreading code for transmission in a broad band. However, high rate data transmission is hard to conduct since the wider band is required for the higher data transmission rate. For example, if data transmission using QPSK (Quadrature Phase Shift Keying) scheme by spreading data with a 11 chips is contemplated, 22 MHz band is required for 2 Mbps data transmission. 110 MHz band is required for data transmission at a rate of 10 Mbps. Further, regulation of bands in which radio wave transmission is permitted also makes it harder to conduct high rate data transmission. Accordingly, in order to conduct high rate transmission in a restricted band, a multiplexing scheme in which spread signals are delayed (hereinafter referred to as “delay multiplexing scheme) is proposed (refer to Japanese Laid-Open Patent Publication No. 9-55714). Use of this scheme makes it possible to conduct high rate transmission in a restricted band. If the scheme which is disclosed in the cited publication No. 9-55714 is used for the former example (2 Mbps data, 22 MHz band), duplexing and quintuplexing in the same band enables data transmission at 4 and 10 Mbps, respectively. FIG. 1 is a block diagram showing an exemplary circuit used for heretofore proposed delay multiplexing scheme. In FIG. 1, data which is generated by a data generating portion 110 is differentially coded by a differential encoding portion 111 and then parallel-converted into numbers to be multiplexed by an S/P converting portion 112 . Subsequently, the parallel data is spread by being multiplied by a PN code from a PN generator 114 by respective multiplying portions ( 113 - 1 through 113 - 4 ) and then delayed by respective delay elements ( 115 - 1 through 115 - 4 ). Then, the delayed data are combined into multivalued digital signals by a combiner (frequency combining device) 116 . The digital signals are modulated by an oscillated signal from an oscillator 120 in a modulator 119 . The signal is transmitted via a frequency converting portion 122 and power amplifier 123 . As a result, high rate data transmission in a limited band is made possible. In a telecommunications system using such a spectrum spreading, the transmission signal assumes +1 or −1, and the multiplexed signal assumes multivalue in the multiplex part. For example, the quintuplexed signal assumes values of −5, −3, −1, 1, 3, 5. This is shown in FIG. 2 . As shown in FIG. 2, the multiplexed operation values differ largely in simplex and multiplex parts. On the other hand, in the communication system, the signal, the frequency of which is converted to a radio frequency range is usually transmitted. In this case, the operation value assumes 1 and −1
