# BIGPATENT-h-train-13 - An apparatus for electron multiplication by transmission that is designed with at least one foil having a front side for receiving incident particles and a back side for transmi...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-13`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Insulating Layers (Dielectric), Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor, dielectric
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
An apparatus for electron multiplication by transmission that is designed with at least one foil having a front side for receiving incident particles and a back side for transmitting secondary electrons that are produced from the incident particles transiting through the foil. The foil thickness enables the incident particles to travel through the foil and continue on to an anode or to a next foil in series with the first foil. The foil, or foils, and anode are contained within a supporting structure that is attached within an evacuated enclosure. An electrical power supply is connected to the foil, or foils, and the anode to provide an electrical field gradient effective to accelerate negatively charged incident particles and the generated secondary electrons through the foil, or foils, to the anode for collection.

## Description Excerpt
STATEMENT REGARDING FEDERAL RIGHTS This invention was made with government support under Contract No. W-7405-ENG-36 awarded by the U.S. Department of Energy. The government has certain rights in the invention. FIELD OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates generally to electron multipliers and, more particularly, to electron multipliers used in photomultipliers and particle detectors such as channel electron multipliers and microchannel plates that are used extensively in electron spectrometers, mass spectrometers, and photonic detectors. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Two types of conventional electron multipliers are routinely used. A first type, pictorially illustrated in FIG. 1 , consists of discrete dynode multipliers, which comprise dynodes stages 10 that initiate and amplify a cascade of electrons. U.S. Pat. No. 4,668,890, issued May 26, 1987, details this type of electron multiplier. Typically, dynode stages 10 are biased using resistor divider string 20 such that front dynode 12 of the multiplier is biased to a high negative voltage (e.g., several kilovolts) relative to last dynode 14 and anode 16 of the multiplier. Thus, an electric field is imposed between each of the dynodes. As incoming particle 30 strikes the front dynode 12 it generates an average of γ I secondary electrons 32 from the impact surface of front dynode 12 . These secondary electrons are accelerated by the imposed electric field toward the next successive dynode, where they impact and generate more secondary electrons. This cascade of electrons continues throughout the entire series of dynode stages with the cumulative charge of the electron avalanche growing at each stage. After last dynode 14 , the electron avalanche charge is collected on anode 16 . The gain (G D ) of a discrete dynode multiplier, which equals the cumulative output electron charge per incident particle, corresponds to: G D =γ I γ SE N−1 (Equation 1) where γ SE equals average number of secondary electrons emitted by an electron from one dynode impacting on the next sequential dynode and N equals the number of dynodes used in the detector. To maximize the gain, the dynode material is often selected for high secondary electron emission yield (γ SE ) properties (See U.S. Pat. No. 5,680,008, issued Oct. 21, 1997). The second type of multiplier is a continuous electron multiplier, pictorially illustrated in FIG. 2 . Channel electron multipliers and microchannel plate (MPC) detectors are specific examples of this type. MPCs employ one or more high resistivity glass channels or tubes 40 , each of which acts as a series of continuous dynodes. Patented examples of this type of electron multiplier include: U.S. Pat. No. 4,095,132, issued Jun. 13, 1978; U.S. Pat. No. 4,073,989, issued Feb. 14, 1978; U.S. Pat. No. 5,086,248, issued Feb. 4, 1992; U.S. Pat. No. 6,015,588, issued Jan. 18, 2000; and U.S. Pat. No. 6,045,677, issued Apr. 4, 2000. As with the discrete dynode, channel front 42 is negatively biased several kilovolts relative to the channel back 44 and anode 50 , so that an electric field is imposed inside of the channel from the front (entrance) to the rear (exit). Incident particle 60 impacts channel front 42 and generates secondary electrons 62 , which are then accelerated further into tube 40 by the imposed electric field. Secondary electrons 62 impact channel wall 41 and generate even more secondary electrons. The cumulative charge of the electron avalanche grows as it traverses tube 40 . The avalanche of secondary electrons 62 exits tube 40 , and is collected on anode 70 . The gain of a continuous electron multiplier can be modeled as a series of discrete dynodes and can therefore be represented by Equation 1. A variation of this concept uses a porous media having irregular channels; e.g., U.S. Pat. No. 6,455,987, issued Sep. 24, 2002. A foil electron multiplier, in accordance with the present invention, encompasses the next generation design of electron multipliers. In a pref
