# BIGPATENT-h-train-24 - A method and system for controlling extinction ratio in an optical network is disclosed.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-24`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects, Encapsulation
- Matched Query Keywords: interconnect
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A method and system for controlling extinction ratio in an optical network is disclosed. A first optical transceiver sends modulated light to a second optical transceiver and a digital measurement of a signal parameter reflecting the optical power levels of the received modulated light is taken. The modulated light sent by the first optical transceiver is adjusted in accordance with the digital measurement.

## Description Excerpt
[0001] The application claims the benefit of U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/485,077 filed Jul. 3, 2003. TECHNICAL FIELD [0002] This invention relates to optical fiber networks. BACKGROUND [0003] FIG. 1 shows optical power as a function of current for an optical transmitter over time. In general, digital optical communication systems transmit binary data using two levels of optical power, where the higher power level represents a binary 1 and the lower power level represents a binary 0. These two power levels can be represented as P 1 and P 0 , where P 1 &gt;P 0 and the units of power are watts. The difference between P 1 and P 0 is an average power P avg . [0004] In optical transmitters, electrical current is converted to optical power and in optical receivers optical power is converted back to electrical current. The electrical currents I 1 and I 0 are proportional to the corresponding optical power levels and are controlled by the limit on modulation (I mod ) and bias (I bias ) currents of the transmitter&#39;s laser diode. [0005] The ratio between the high level and the low level shown in the equation below is defined as the “extinction ratio” and is represented by the symbol r e . r e = I 1 I 0 = P 1 P 0 In an ideal transmitter, P 0 would be zero and thus r e would be infinite. In most practical optical transmitters, however, the laser must be biased so that P 0 is in the vicinity of the laser threshold, meaning that a finite amount of optical power is emitted at the low level and thus P 0 &gt;0. This increase in transmitted power due to non-ideal values of extinction ratio is called the “power penalty”. As the extinction ratio is degraded below its ideal value of infinity, the average power transmitted must be increased in order to maintain a constant Bit Error Rate (BER). [0007] Seemingly small changes in extinction ratio can make a relatively large difference in power required to maintain a constant BER. The effect is especially acute for extinction ratios less than seven, where a change of one in extinction ratio value translates to an approximate 10% change in required average power. This additional required power is aptly termed the “power penalty”, as nothing is gained by this increase in power other than the unnecessary privilege of operating at a reduced extinction ratio. [0008] As illustrated in FIG. 1 , the slope of a laser diode&#39;s current to optical power transfer characteristics changes as a function of process, increasing temperature and age (e.g. curves T 1 and T 2 ). The slope variation can affect the extinction ratio, and therefore the BER, during the operational lifetime of an optical transmitter. SUMMARY [0009] In one aspect, a method of controlling extinction ratio in an optical network configured for transmitting and receiving network data is provided. The extinction ratio can be controlled by providing a first optical transceiver configured for sending modulated light, a second optical transceiver configured for receiving modulated light, taking a digital measurement of at least one signal parameter reflecting the optical power levels of the received modulated light, and adjusting the modulated light sent by the first optical transceiver in accordance with the digital measurement. [0010] Aspects of the invention can include one or more of the following features. [0011] The measured signal parameter can include the high and low power levels of the received modulated light. The measured signal parameter can be the difference between high and low power levels of the received modulated light. The measured signal parameter can be the average power level of the received modulated light. [0012] The digital measurement can be stored in memory. The average power levels of the received modulated light can be computed using the measured high and low power levels. The difference between measured high and low power levels can also be computed. [0013] Data of a measured signal parameter can be trans
