# BIGPATENT-h-train-27 - A subminiature lamp assembly utilizes a high temperature polymer which directly surrounds and is cemented to the glass envelope.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-27`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A subminiature lamp assembly utilizes a high temperature polymer which directly surrounds and is cemented to the glass envelope. The polymer may preferably derive support from a metal base. The polymeric material is somewhat rigid and can be manually handled and used to manipulate the subminiature lamp as a handle to facilitate bulb changout. A fluoroelastomer is a preferable type of elastomer which has the chemically resistive properties and ability to withstand high temperature which can be advantageously employed. The elastomer used for the seal supported lamp assembly provides (1) extended axial length sealing, (2) heat resistance, (3) ease of handling, (4) increased resistance to invasion and chemical attack (5) eliminates contact corrosion, and (6) reduces lamp failure modes.

## Description Excerpt
FIELD OF THE INVENTION [0001] The present invention relates to the field of high intensity, thermal, efficient incandescent lamps, subminiature lamps, lamp assemblies, and a lamp system and method of making an efficient high intensity bulb and sleeve system having a liquid tight seal. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION [0002] Small incandescent lamps, especially subminiature lamps, have a glass envelope which has traditionally been supported by a one or two piece base. The base typically has a low pitch thread for providing mechanical fixation to a socket, as well as for providing a conductor for one conductor of a two conductor subminiature lamp element. In most subminiature lamps of this type conduction for the other conductor is provided through a peg conductor centered in an insulator carried at the bottom-most part of the lower base. [0003] The upper glass envelope has to be supported. Normally a metal sleeve is employed which fixes movement of the conducting leads, aligns the envelope with respect to the sleeve, and permanently supports the glass envelope throughout its life. Current practices for holding a subminiature lamp in a metal housing employs a ceramic adhesive between the glass envelope and the inside of a metal support sleeve. [0004] The use of an adhesive to support the glass envelope within a metal sleeve has a number of problems. First, this adhesive eventually breaks down from repetitive use of the subminiature lamp due to the thermal cycling between the high temperature of the lamp&#39;s operating temperature and its return to room temperature. The subminiature lamp temperature can be as high as 300° C. [0005] Secondly, the use of any material to bond a glass envelope having a low thermal expansion characteristic to what is typically a metal sleeve having a much higher thermal expansion coefficient will cause a destructive shear each time the subminiature lamp is thermally cycled. This shearing movement, combined with other factors hastens the degradation of the adhesive material used within a subminiature lamp. [0006] Third, and particularly where the subminiature lamp is exposed to an environment where it needs to be cleaned or sterilized, such as a contaminated medical environment, liquid cleaning procedures can degrade the adhesive. Where the subminiature lamp is used for examinations or operations, a high cyclical rate of cleaning occurs over the life of the subminiature lamp. [0007] Fourth, moisture migrates through the fracture cracks of the adhesive into the interior of the subminiature lamp. The moisture causes the electrical contacts to corrode which causes early subminiature lamp failures. The combination of the above four factors works together to cause conventional subminiature lamps to fail at an unacceptably high rate. [0008] One configuration proposed to combat the aforementioned problems includes the use an internal 0 -ring in place of the adhesive to try to prevent liquid from migrating into the subminiature lamp internals, but this has proven unworkable as the manufacture and placement of a thin o-ring is extremely difficult and problematic. A housing external 0-ring can provide a seal between subminiature lamp metal housing and the socket, but only helps prevent liquid from entering the subminiature lamp interior from the socket end. [0009] Another problem with conventional subminiature lamps is the high amount of heat which is conducted from the glass envelope. Much of the heat immediately makes its way into the metal housing. In appliances where the subminiature lamp is mounted near the outside of the appliance, burns can result from touching the metal sleeve. Even where a heat insulatory sleeve is mounted peripherally outwardly of the metal base or metal housing, burns can still occur if the end of the housing is inadvertently touched. [0010] What is needed is a solution which will provide a much longer bulb life by combating the above mechanisms of bulb degradation. The solution should al
