# BIGPATENT-h-train-92 - A current sensor has a measurement unit for measuring the current flowing through an electrical wire using electromagnetic induction caused by the magnetic flux around the elect...

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-92`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects, Encapsulation
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
A current sensor has a measurement unit for measuring the current flowing through an electrical wire using electromagnetic induction caused by the magnetic flux around the electrical wire, a wireless transmission unit for wirelessly transmitting measurement results, a power generation unit for generating power using the same electromagnetic induction caused by the magnetic flux around the electrical wire, and a battery that is charged by the power generation unit and supplies power to the measurement unit and the wireless transmission unit. A sudden change in the current flowing through the electrical wire causes measurement to be carried out. The timing at which transmission is carried out is controlled according to the size of the current flowing through the electrical wire. When the measurement unit is measuring, power generation by the power generation unit is stopped. Measurement results obtained during insufficient charging are stored and sent after charge is secured.

## Description Excerpt
TECHNICAL FIELD [0001] The present invention relates to a current sensor. BACKGROUND ART [0002] For the purpose of providing a power measurement system and the like that need no special installation to be made by any skillful professionals, it has been proposed to provide a measurement apparatus and the like having a current sensor for detecting a waveform of current flowing through an electrical wire, in a noncontact manner, by means of electromagnetic inductive coupling and communication means (see Patent Literature 1 listed below). CITATION LIST Patent Literature [0003] Patent Literature 1: Re-publication of PCT International Publication No. 2009-099082 SUMMARY OF INVENTION Technical Problem [0004] However, there are many problems to be further considered to achieve a more convenient current sensor. [0005] In view of the above, an object of the present invention is to propose a more convenient current sensor. Solution to Problem [0006] To achieve the above object, according to one aspect of the present invention, there is provided a current sensor including a measurement unit that measures current flowing through a target electrical wire that is a target of measurement, a wireless transmission unit that wirelessly transmits a result of measurement performed by the measurement unit, a power generation unit that generates power by means of electromagnetic induction caused by magnetic flux around the target electrical wire, and a storage battery that is charged by the power generation unit and supplies power to the measurement unit and the wireless transmission unit. This makes it possible for the measurement to be performed with supply of power from the current flowing through the target. [0007] According to a specific feature of the present invention, the current sensor has a control unit that performs control such that the measurement unit performs measurement by means of change in the current flowing through a target electrical wire. This makes it possible for the measurement to be performed without missing any change in the current. According to more specific feature of the present invention, the control unit performs control such that the measurement unit performs measurement by means of a sudden change in the current flowing through the target electrical wire. According to further specific feature of the present invention, the control unit performs control such that the measurement unit performs measurement also at predetermined time intervals. [0008] According to another specific feature of the present invention, the current sensor includes a control unit that controls, by means of magnitude of the current flowing through the target electrical wire, timing for the wireless transmission unit to perform transmission. This makes it possible to receive supply of power for measurement from the storage battery in a manner balanced with charging by the power generation unit. [0009] According to another specific feature of the present invention, the current sensor has a control unit that makes the power generation unit stop power generation when the measurement unit performs measurement. This makes possible current measurement uninfluenced by the charging of the storage battery. According to another specific feature, the current sensor has a control unit that keeps the measurement unit from performing measurement when the control unit makes the power generation unit perform power generation. [0010] According to another specific feature of the present invention, the current sensor has a storage unit in which the result of measurement performed by the measurement unit is stored, and also has a control unit that stores and maintains the result of measurement in the storage unit and makes the transmission unit transmit the result of measurement stored in the storage unit at timing different from timing of measurement. This makes it possible to perform more elaborate measurement. According to a more specific feature, the control un
