# BIGPATENT-h-train-59 - Method and apparatus for the purchasing of music using SCA data in common radio waves.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-59`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Conductive Interconnects
- Matched Query Keywords: None
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
Method and apparatus for the purchasing of music using SCA data in common radio waves. This invention allows a portable device to record URLs and keywords inputed by the user for retrieval later by a software program capable of running searches on specified servers or placing a purchase using a specific URL.

## Description Excerpt
CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATION [0001] This non-provisional application is to fulfill the filing requirements of the provisional application 60/767,004 filed on Feb. 26, 2006 which is hereby incorporated by reference. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION [0002] Currently if a band or musician would like to sell their music without the aid of a major marketing corporation, they must rely on small impromptu gatherings or gigs to build a name. There is no direct way a musician has to contact the public in the masses and allow their music to be purchased by anyone that wishes to. The Internet goes a long way in providing a medium to sell their music to the masses but the average musician still lacks a major marketing technique to bring in additional customers. [0003] This Invention allows both radio stations and musicians to sell music and market it to the masses without the aid of any major marketing companies. When a musician is ready to sell to the public they can now contact radio stations directly, however a musician is still unlikely to gain a large amount of funding from just this method as there is no real way of tracking how many listeners would be willing to purchase their music if given the chance. The average listener base is too lazy to look up a website or go to a concert to purchase music. This technology will allow a user to push a button on their radio or a separate hand held device that will allow them to then purchase the song from the Internet at a later date. [0004] SCA sub carrier data is already used for a great variety of reasons by radio stations to make additional funding. While a radio station broadcasts a song, they can use the SCA data to send out a URL for purchasing the song. When the listener likes the music they hear they can simply press a button on the invention that allows them to purchase it. The invention will in turn store the URL to a memory medium. [0005] In addition to the added value of listeners being able to make purchases of new music heard on the radio that may not have had a large enough name before for the listener to purchase their music in their local stores, the invention also provides a method for bands to sell their music at concerts. If the band has no Internet server to sell their music, a company may sponsor them online. At the gig or concert, the band&#39;s fans would only have to hear the company&#39;s name and the band&#39;s name in order to search online later for music to purchase from the company. The fan would simply type in the band&#39;s name and the company&#39;s name into the invention, store it to the invention&#39;s memory, and then use the software coupled with that invention on their home computer to locate the songs they want and make the purchase. [0006] This invention provides a connection between all the many ways we have to purchase music today with our day to day life of hearing music we love. While there are other technologies out there that provide such a service, none are as adaptable or as cheap to all participants as this. [0007] While there have been many different technologies that use SCA data to produce profits for radio stations, none provides the service this invention does while promoting all participants involved in selling the music. For example, US Publication number 20040128514 covers the watermarking of music to track music heard so a user may store the data to purchase the music and purchase it latter. This requires the use of complicated watermarking software and license rights small bands may not have when they are just getting started. The above invention also requires a complicated interpretation of the audio signal to identify watermarks. Separating the purchase information from the audio track and broadcasting it in an SCA channel allows bands to release music to radio stations without the need for expensive watermarking software. [0008] The patent publication 20040128514 also requires a complicated matching system to allow songs re
