# BIGPATENT-h-train-20 - An image sensor is disclosed which comprises a plurality of image sensor elements arranged in rows and columns.

- Document ID: `BIGPATENT-h-train-20`
- Date: `Unknown`
- Type: `utility`
- Source: `hf-big-patent`
- Assignees: Unknown
- CPC: Unknown
- Suggested Filters: Semiconductor Wafer, Doped Regions (N-type/P-type), Conductive Interconnects, Encapsulation
- Matched Query Keywords: semiconductor, wafer, doped, interconnect
- Source URL: https://huggingface.co/datasets/NortheasternUniversity/big_patent

## Abstract
An image sensor is disclosed which comprises a plurality of image sensor elements arranged in rows and columns. Each of the image sesnor elements includes a a CCD. In order to provide an image sensor which can be used to image in different image formats, the image sensor includes imaging planes on edge surfaces as well as on a top surface. The top and bottom layers of the sensor are of an increased doping level, and these layers serve to guide charge carriers into CCD&#39;s located adjacent the edges of the sensor.

## Description Excerpt
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1. Field of the Invention The present invention relates to an image sensor, and more particularly, to an image sensor which includes multiple imaging planes. 2. Description of the Prior Art Typical charge-coupled device (CCD) image sensors are formed on flat, circular semiconductor substrates known as wafers. Image sensor elements are fabricated on either a top or bottom surface of the wafer by means of various doping layers of several microns in depth. Upon completion of the image sensor elements, the die is cut from the wafer and mounted in a package where either the top or bottom surface is exposed for illumination. In U.S. Pat. No. 4,031,315, there is shown a CCD image sensor which comprises image sensor elements arranged in matrix form on one surface of the image sensor. In one embodiment, the image sensor can be irradiated on a top surface, and in a second embodiment, the substrate body is made sufficiently thin that the sensor can be irradiated on a bottom surface. There is a problem in using this image sensor in certain applications; for example, the sensor cannot be used in apparatus where it is desired to simultaneously image two opposing surfaces. In such an application, two separate image sensors must be used, and this adds to the expense and complexity of the apparatus. U.S. Pat. No. 4,665,420, discloses a CCD image sensor which is adapted to receive illumination on a top surface. In order to prevent the injection of undesirable charge carriers into the CCD registers, the image sensor includes a means of passivating the edges of the sensor. The image sensor includes a plurality of space detectors arranged in columns extending along one of the major surfaces of the sensor substrate. Between the edge of the substrate and the adjacent column of detectors, an edge drain is provided for receiving any charge carriers generated at the edge in order to prevent the charge carriers from being injected into the adjacent detectors. Although charge carriers are being collected in this image sensor from an edge of the sensor, there is no provision for using the charge carriers to record information. Thus, the sensor can only be used to image in a single plane. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION It is an object of the present invention to overcome the problems in the prior art discussed above by providing an image sensor in which information can be recorded through an edge surface of the sensor. In accordance with one aspect of the present invention, there is provided an image sensor comprising: a semiconductor substrate of a first conductivity type, the substrate having opposed major surfaces and opposed edges between the surfaces, one of the edges having a surface which is receptive to light; an image sensor element formed in the substrate and located adjacent the one edge, the image sensor element including a charge collection and transfer means and an image sensing region in which charge carriers are generated by light impinging on the surface of the one edge; and means in the substrate for guiding charge carriers in the image sensing region toward the charge collection and transfer means. In one embodiment of the present invention, an image sensor includes an elongated substrate of a P-type material. The image sensor includes an imaging plane on the top surface and imaging planes on two edge surfaces bordering the top surface. The substrate comprises a bottom layer which is highly doped with a P-type material and an upper layer which is more lightly doped with a P-type material. Three columns of image sensor elements are formed in the substrate. One column is adapted to function with the top imaging plane, and the other two columns are adapted to function with the two imaging planes on the edge surfaces. Each of the image sensor elements includes an image sensing region and a charge collection and transfer means which is a buried-channel CCD. The image sensor element which functions with the top imaging pl
